AI content updates (#17994)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/ai-agents/identity/index.md

---
title: Agent identity with ERC-8004
description: Onchain agent identity, reputation, and validation registries using ERC-8004 on Ethereum, including how agents discover, verify, and trust each other without a centralized directory
lang: en
template: ai-agents
emoji: ":id:"
sidebarDepth: 2
image: /images/ai-agents/hero-image.png
alt: Agent identity with ERC-8004 on Ethereum

> summaryPoint1: ERC-8004 provides onchain identity, reputation, and validation registries for autonomous agents across 20+ chains

Reviewer: Dropped "reputation, and validation" — the standard's name carries those for readers familiar with it; the body of the page can elaborate.

```suggestion
summaryPoint1: ERC-8004 identity registries, live on 20+ chains
```

> summaryPoint1: ERC-8004 provides onchain identity, reputation, and validation registries for autonomous agents across 20+ chains

Reviewer: Dropped "reputation, and validation" — the standard's name carries those for readers familiar with it; the body of the page can elaborate.

```suggestion
summaryPoint1: ERC-8004 identity registries, live on 20+ chains
```

> summaryPoint2: Agents discover and verify each other without a centralized directory using censorship-resistant registry infrastructure

Reviewer: Dropped "censorship-resistant registry infrastructure" — too jargon-dense for a hero bullet.

```suggestion
summaryPoint2: Discover and verify agents without a central directory
```

> summaryPoint2: Agents discover and verify each other without a centralized directory using censorship-resistant registry infrastructure

Reviewer: Dropped "censorship-resistant registry infrastructure" — too jargon-dense for a hero bullet.

```suggestion
summaryPoint2: Discover and verify agents without a central directory
```

> summaryPoint3: The protocol stack combines ERC-8004 identity with x402 payments for fully autonomous agent-to-agent commerce

Reviewer: Dropped "fully autonomous" since agent-to-agent commerce already implies it.

```suggestion
summaryPoint3: ERC-8004 identity plus x402 payments enables agent-to-agent commerce
```

> summaryPoint3: The protocol stack combines ERC-8004 identity with x402 payments for fully autonomous agent-to-agent commerce

Reviewer: Dropped "fully autonomous" since agent-to-agent commerce already implies it.

```suggestion
summaryPoint3: ERC-8004 identity plus x402 payments enables agent-to-agent commerce
```
